[IMP] Purchase: Updated Analyze page for 19.0 (#19617)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/purchase/advanced/analyze.rst

   from Bike Friends.

   .. image:: analyze/dtr.png
      :alt: The Purchase report, showing the average days to receive products from vendors.

Use case: examine vendor POs for a specific timeframe

> =====================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use case: examine vendor POs for a specific time frame
======================================================
```
MW states "time frame" is two words.

Another use for the :guilabel:`Purchase Analysis` report is to examine key statistics about |POs|
for a specific vendor. By doing so, it is easy to understand how many products have been purchased

> from a specific vendor in a given timeframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from a specific vendor in a given time frame.
```
